NAME                                                                          VERSION                                            TYPE      
1to2                                                                          1.0.0                                              npm        
@kasmtech/novnc                                                               1.3.0                                              npm        
@socket.io/component-emitter                                                  3.1.0                                              npm        
@types/cookie                                                                 0.4.1                                              npm        
@types/cors                                                                   2.8.14                                             npm        
@types/node                                                                   20.6.0                                             npm        
accepts                                                                       1.3.8                                              npm        
alpine-baselayout                                                             3.4.3-r1                                           apk        
alpine-baselayout-data                                                        3.4.3-r1                                           apk        
alpine-keys                                                                   2.4-r1                                             apk        
alpine-release                                                                3.18.3-r0                                          apk        
alsa-lib                                                                      1.2.9-r1                                           apk        
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                              npm        
aom-libs                                                                      3.6.1-r0                                           apk        
apk-tools                                                                     2.14.0-r2                                          apk        
array-flatten                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm        
async                                                                         3.2.4                                              npm        
avahi-libs                                                                    0.8-r13                                            apk        
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                              npm        
base64id                                                                      2.0.0                                              npm        
bash                                                                          5.2.15-r5                                          apk        
bindings                                                                      1.5.0                                              npm        
body-parser                                                                   1.20.1                                             npm        
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                             npm        
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                              npm        
brotli-libs                                                                   1.0.9-r14                                          apk        
busybox                                                                       1.36.1-r2                                          apk        
busybox-binsh                                                                 1.36.1-r2                                          apk        
bytes                                                                         3.1.2                                              npm        
c-ares                                                                        1.19.1-r0                                          apk        
ca-certificates                                                               20230506-r0                                        apk        
ca-certificates-bundle                                                        20230506-r0                                        apk        
cairo                                                                         1.17.8-r1                                          apk        
cairo-gobject                                                                 1.17.8-r1                                          apk        
call-bind                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm        
cdparanoia-libs                                                               10.2-r14                                           apk        
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                              npm        
cjson                                                                         1.7.15-r4                                          apk        
cloud.google.com/go/compute/metadata                                          v0.2.1                                             go-module  
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm        
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                              npm        
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                              npm        
containerd                                                                    1.7.2-r2                                           apk        
content-disposition                                                           0.5.4                                              npm        
content-type                                                                  1.0.5                                              npm        
cookie                                                                        0.4.2                                              npm        
cookie                                                                        0.5.0                                              npm        
cookie-signature                                                              1.0.6                                              npm        
coreutils                                                                     9.3-r1                                             apk        
cors                                                                          2.8.5                                              npm        
cups                                                                          2.4.6-r0                                           apk        
cups-client                                                                   2.4.6-r0                                           apk        
cups-libs                                                                     2.4.6-r0                                           apk        
cups-pdf                                                                      3.0.1-r1                                           apk        
curl                                                                          8.2.1-r0                                           apk        
dbus                                                                          1.14.8-r0                                          apk        
dbus-daemon-launch-helper                                                     1.14.8-r0                                          apk        
dbus-libs                                                                     1.14.8-r0                                          apk        
dbus-x11                                                                      1.14.8-r0                                          apk        
debug                                                                         2.6.9                                              npm        
debug                                                                         4.3.4                                              npm        
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                              npm        
destroy                                                                       1.2.0                                              npm        
device-mapper-libs                                                            2.03.21-r3                                         apk        
docker                                                                        23.0.6-r5                                          apk        
docker-cli                                                                    23.0.6-r5                                          apk        
docker-cli-buildx                                                             0.10.4-r8                                          apk        
docker-cli-compose                                                            2.17.3-r6                                          apk        
docker-engine                                                                 23.0.6-r5                                          apk        
ee-first                                                                      1.1.1                                              npm        
ejs                                                                           3.1.9                                              npm        
encodeurl                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm        
engine.io                                                                     6.5.2                                              npm        
engine.io-parser                                                              5.2.1                                              npm        
escape-html                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm        
etag                                                                          1.8.1                                              npm        
eudev-libs                                                                    3.2.11-r8                                          apk        
express                                                                       4.18.2                                             npm        
ffmpeg                                                                        6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libavcodec                                                             6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libavdevice                                                            6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libavfilter                                                            6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libavformat                                                            6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libavutil                                                              6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libpostproc                                                            6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libswresample                                                          6.0-r15                                            apk        
ffmpeg-libswscale                                                             6.0-r15                                            apk        
fftw-single-libs                                                              3.3.10-r2                                          apk        
file-uri-to-path                                                              1.0.0                                              npm        
filelist                                                                      1.0.4                                              npm        
finalhandler                                                                  1.2.0                                              npm        
flac-libs                                                                     1.4.3-r0                                           apk        
font-noto                                                                     23.5.1-r0                                          apk        
font-noto-common                                                              23.5.1-r0                                          apk        
font-noto-math                                                                23.5.1-r0                                          apk        
font-noto-symbols                                                             23.5.1-r0                                          apk        
fontconfig                                                                    2.14.2-r3                                          apk        
forwarded                                                                     0.2.0                                              npm        
freetype                                                                      2.13.0-r5                                          apk        
fresh                                                                         0.5.2                                              npm        
fribidi                                                                       1.0.13-r0                                          apk        
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm        
fuse-common                                                                   3.14.1-r2                                          apk        
fuse-overlayfs                                                                1.11-r1                                            apk        
fuse3                                                                         3.14.1-r2                                          apk        
fuse3-libs                                                                    3.14.1-r2                                          apk        
gcompat                                                                       1.1.0-r1                                           apk        
gdbm                                                                          1.23-r1                                            apk        
gdk-pixbuf                                                                    2.42.10-r5                                         apk        
get-intrinsic                                                                 1.2.1                                              npm        
giflib                                                                        5.2.1-r4                                           apk        
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.6                                             go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                         v0.11.24                                           go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                                    v0.9.18                                            go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/date                                    v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/logger                                           v0.2.1                                             go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/tracing                                          v0.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.10.0-rc.8                                       go-module  
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/agl/ed25519                                                        v0.0.0-20170116200512-5312a6153412                 go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                      v12.0.0                                            go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v13                                      v13.0.0                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.16.3                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.15.5                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.12.0                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.10                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.4                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.11                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.4                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.11.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.16.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.11.2                                            go-module  
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/blang/semver/v4                                                    v4.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.9.1                                             go-module  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.13.4                                            go-module  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/container-orchestrated-devices/container-device-interface          v0.5.4                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/btrfs/v2                                                v2.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/cgroups/v3                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.16-0.20230124210447-1709cfe273d9              go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.19                                            go-module  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.4.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.9                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.7                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/typeurl/v2                                              v2.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.6                                             go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                            go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.5.0                                            go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                 go-module  
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20220725133111-4bf3547399eb                 go-module  
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20230327091844-0c958010ace2                 go-module  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.10.4                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v23.0.0-rc.1+incompatible                          go-module  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v23.0.4+incompatible                               go-module  
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.5.1                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.1+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/docker/docker                                                      (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/docker-proxy                                     (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/dockerd                                          (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                 go-module  
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.10.1                                            go-module  
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                             go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                             go-module  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                                  v4.4.2                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/mock                                                        v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.2                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.3                                             go-module  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                             go-module  
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                 go-module  
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                 v0.5.5                                             go-module  
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway                                        v1.16.0                                            go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2                                     v2.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20200930094925-2721b1e36840                 go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.8.2                                             go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                            go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.15                                            go-module  
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                            go-module  
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51                 go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.15.12                                           go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.16.0                                            go-module  
github.com/klauspost/cpuid/v2                                                 v2.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.13                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.17                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.14                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                            go-module  
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b                 go-module  
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/minio/sha256-simd                                                  v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible  go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7                 go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.11.2                                            go-module  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.11.5                                            go-module  
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20221120202655-abb19827d345                 go-module  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20221205130635-1aeaba878587                 go-module  
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                 go-module  
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.0.3-0.20220303224323-02efb9a75ee1               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2                                         go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2.0.20221005185240-3a7f492d3f1b           go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.3                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.5                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.1.0-rc.1                                        go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-tools                                       v0.9.1-0.20221107090550-2e043c6bd626               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                            go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.11.0                                            go-module  
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                             go-module  
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                             go-module  
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.37.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.8.0                                             go-module  
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646               go-module  
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                 go-module  
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.6.1                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                             go-module  
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                 go-module  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.2                                             go-module  
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                 go-module  
github.com/tchap/go-patricia/v2                                               v2.3.1                                             go-module  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.6.1                                             go-module  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/tilt-dev/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.8-0.20220602155310-fff9c274a375               go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230105215944-fb433841cbfa                 go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                 go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20210615222946-8066bb97264f                 go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                            go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.12                                           go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.2.1-beta.2                                      go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                 go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20180127040702-4e3ac2762d5f                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.10.0                                            go-module  
glib                                                                          2.76.4-r0                                          apk        
glslang-libs                                                                  1.3.243.0-r1                                       apk        
gmp                                                                           6.2.1-r3                                           apk        
gnutls                                                                        3.8.0-r2                                           apk        
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.7                                             go-module  
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                 go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.40.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/internal/metric                                      v0.27.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.27.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.37.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.12.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.19.0                                            go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.1.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.2.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/mod                                                              v0.9.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.7.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.8.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20221014153046-6fdb5e3db783                 go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.4.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.3.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.6.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.7.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.3.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.6.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.7.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.8.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20220210224613-90d013bbcef8                 go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20221024183307-1bc688fe9f3e                 go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20230306155012-7f2fa6fef1f4                 go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.50.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.53.0                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.29.1                                            go-module  
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module  
graphene                                                                      1.10.8-r2                                          apk        
graphite2                                                                     1.3.14-r5                                          apk        
gst-plugins-base                                                              1.22.5-r0                                          apk        
gstreamer                                                                     1.22.5-r0                                          apk        
harfbuzz                                                                      7.3.0-r0                                           apk        
has                                                                           1.0.3                                              npm        
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                              npm        
has-proto                                                                     1.0.1                                              npm        
has-symbols                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm        
http-errors                                                                   2.0.0                                              npm        
hwdata-pci                                                                    0.370-r0                                           apk        
iconv-lite                                                                    0.4.24                                             npm        
icu-data-en                                                                   73.2-r2                                            apk        
icu-libs                                                                      73.2-r2                                            apk        
imlib2                                                                        1.11.1-r0                                          apk        
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                              npm        
intel-gmmlib                                                                  22.3.5-r0                                          apk        
intel-media-driver                                                            23.2.3-r0                                          apk        
ip6tables                                                                     1.8.9-r2                                           apk        
ipaddr.js                                                                     1.9.1                                              npm        
iptables                                                                      1.8.9-r2                                           apk        
jake                                                                          10.8.7                                             npm        
jq                                                                            1.6-r3                                             apk        
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.26.2                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.26.2                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.26.2                                            go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.26.2                                            go-module  
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.26.2                                            go-module  
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.27.1                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.30.0                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.60.1                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.90.1                                            go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b                 go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20220210201930-3a6ce19ff2f9                 go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20230220204549-a5ecb0141aa5                 go-module  
kclient                                                                       0.3.6                                              npm        
lame-libs                                                                     3.100-r5                                           apk        
lcms2                                                                         2.15-r2                                            apk        
libacl                                                                        2.3.1-r3                                           apk        
libass                                                                        0.17.1-r0                                          apk        
libasyncns                                                                    0.8-r1                                             apk        
libattr                                                                       2.5.1-r4                                           apk        
libblkid                                                                      2.38.1-r8                                          apk        
libbluray                                                                     1.3.4-r0                                           apk        
libbsd                                                                        0.11.7-r1                                          apk        
libbz2                                                                        1.0.8-r5                                           apk        
libc-utils                                                                    0.7.2-r5                                           apk        
libcap2                                                                       2.69-r0                                            apk        
libcrypto3                                                                    3.1.2-r0                                           apk        
libcurl                                                                       8.2.1-r0                                           apk        
libdav1d                                                                      1.2.1-r0                                           apk        
libdrm                                                                        2.4.115-r4                                         apk        
libedit                                                                       20221030.3.1-r1                                    apk        
libelf                                                                        0.189-r2                                           apk        
libexpat                                                                      2.5.0-r1                                           apk        
libffi                                                                        3.4.4-r2                                           apk        
libfontenc                                                                    1.1.7-r2                                           apk        
libgcc                                                                        12.2.1_git20220924-r10                             apk        
libgomp                                                                       12.2.1_git20220924-r10                             apk        
libhwy                                                                        1.0.4-r1                                           apk        
libice                                                                        1.1.1-r2                                           apk        
libid3tag                                                                     0.16.2-r2                                          apk        
libidn2                                                                       2.3.4-r1                                           apk        
libintl                                                                       0.21.1-r7                                          apk        
libjpeg-turbo                                                                 2.1.5.1-r3                                         apk        
libjxl                                                                        0.8.2-r0                                           apk        
libltdl                                                                       2.4.7-r2                                           apk        
libmd                                                                         1.0.4-r2                                           apk        
libmnl                                                                        1.0.5-r1                                           apk        
libmount                                                                      2.38.1-r8                                          apk        
libncursesw                                                                   6.4_p20230506-r0                                   apk        
libnftnl                                                                      1.2.5-r1                                           apk        
libogg                                                                        1.3.5-r4                                           apk        
libopenmpt                                                                    0.7.2-r0                                           apk        
libpanelw                                                                     6.4_p20230506-r0                                   apk        
libpaper                                                                      2.1.1-r0                                           apk        
libpciaccess                                                                  0.17-r2                                            apk        
libplacebo                                                                    5.264.1-r1                                         apk        
libpng                                                                        1.6.39-r3                                          apk        
libproc2                                                                      4.0.4-r0                                           apk        
libpulse                                                                      16.1-r10                                           apk        
librist                                                                       0.2.7-r0                                           apk        
librsvg                                                                       2.56.3-r0                                          apk        
libseccomp                                                                    2.5.4-r2                                           apk        
libsm                                                                         1.2.4-r1                                           apk        
libsndfile                                                                    1.2.0-r2                                           apk        
libsodium                                                                     1.0.18-r3                                          apk        
libsrt                                                                        1.5.2-r0                                           apk        
libssh                                                                        0.10.5-r0                                          apk        
libssl3                                                                       3.1.2-r0                                           apk        
libstdc++                                                                     12.2.1_git20220924-r10                             apk        
libtasn1                                                                      4.19.0-r1                                          apk        
libtheora                                                                     1.1.1-r17                                          apk        
libucontext                                                                   1.2-r2                                             apk        
libunibreak                                                                   5.1-r0                                             apk        
libunistring                                                                  1.1-r1                                             apk        
libusb                                                                        1.0.26-r2                                          apk        
libuuid                                                                       2.38.1-r8                                          apk        
libva                                                                         2.18.0-r1                                          apk        
libva-intel-driver                                                            2.4.1-r0                                           apk        
libvdpau                                                                      1.5-r1                                             apk        
libvorbis                                                                     1.3.7-r1                                           apk        
libvpx                                                                        1.13.0-r1                                          apk        
libwebp                                                                       1.3.1-r0                                           apk        
libx11                                                                        1.8.4-r4                                           apk        
libxau                                                                        1.0.11-r2                                          apk        
libxaw                                                                        1.0.15-r1                                          apk        
libxcb                                                                        1.15-r1                                            apk        
libxcursor                                                                    1.2.1-r2                                           apk        
libxdamage                                                                    1.1.6-r2                                           apk        
libxdmcp                                                                      1.1.4-r2                                           apk        
libxext                                                                       1.3.5-r2                                           apk        
libxfixes                                                                     6.0.1-r2                                           apk        
libxfont2                                                                     2.0.6-r0                                           apk        
libxft                                                                        2.3.8-r1                                           apk        
libxi                                                                         1.8.1-r0                                           apk        
libxinerama                                                                   1.1.5-r2                                           apk        
libxkbfile                                                                    1.1.2-r2                                           apk        
libxml2                                                                       2.11.4-r0                                          apk        
libxmu                                                                        1.1.4-r2                                           apk        
libxpm                                                                        3.5.16-r1                                          apk        
libxrandr                                                                     1.5.3-r2                                           apk        
libxrender                                                                    0.9.11-r3                                          apk        
libxscrnsaver                                                                 1.2.4-r0                                           apk        
libxshmfence                                                                  1.3.2-r2                                           apk        
libxt                                                                         1.3.0-r2                                           apk        
libxtst                                                                       1.2.4-r2                                           apk        
libxv                                                                         1.0.12-r3                                          apk        
libxvmc                                                                       1.0.13-r2                                          apk        
libxxf86vm                                                                    1.1.5-r3                                           apk        
libzmq                                                                        4.3.4-r4                                           apk        
linux-pam                                                                     1.5.2-r10                                          apk        
llvm15-libs                                                                   15.0.7-r6                                          apk        
mbedtls                                                                       2.28.4-r0                                          apk        
mcookie                                                                       2.38.1-r8                                          apk        
media-typer                                                                   0.3.0                                              npm        
merge-descriptors                                                             1.0.1                                              npm        
mesa                                                                          23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-dri-gallium                                                              23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-egl                                                                      23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-gbm                                                                      23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-gl                                                                       23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-glapi                                                                    23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-va-gallium                                                               23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-vulkan-ati                                                               23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
mesa-vulkan-intel                                                             23.0.4-r0                                          apk        
methods                                                                       1.1.2                                              npm        
mime                                                                          1.6.0                                              npm        
mime-db                                                                       1.52.0                                             npm        
mime-types                                                                    2.1.35                                             npm        
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                              npm        
minimatch                                                                     5.1.6                                              npm        
mpdecimal                                                                     2.5.1-r2                                           apk        
mpg123-libs                                                                   1.31.3-r1                                          apk        
ms                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                              npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                              npm        
musl                                                                          1.2.4-r1                                           apk        
musl-fts                                                                      1.2.7-r5                                           apk        
musl-obstack                                                                  1.2.3-r2                                           apk        
musl-utils                                                                    1.2.4-r1                                           apk        
nan                                                                           2.17.0                                             npm        
ncurses-terminfo-base                                                         6.4_p20230506-r0                                   apk        
negotiator                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm        
netcat-openbsd                                                                1.219-r1                                           apk        
nettle                                                                        3.8.1-r2                                           apk        
nghttp2-libs                                                                  1.55.1-r0                                          apk        
nginx                                                                         1.24.0-r6                                          apk        
nodejs                                                                        18.17.1-r0                                         apk        
numactl                                                                       2.0.16-r4                                          apk        
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                              npm        
object-inspect                                                                1.12.3                                             npm        
on-finished                                                                   2.4.1                                              npm        
onevpl-libs                                                                   2023.2.1-r0                                        apk        
oniguruma                                                                     6.9.8-r1                                           apk        
openbox                                                                       3.6.1-r5                                           apk        
openbox-libs                                                                  3.6.1-r5                                           apk        
openjpeg                                                                      2.5.0-r3                                           apk        
openssh-client-common                                                         9.3_p2-r0                                          apk        
openssh-client-default                                                        9.3_p2-r0                                          apk        
openssh-keygen                                                                9.3_p2-r0                                          apk        
openssl                                                                       3.1.2-r0                                           apk        
opus                                                                          1.4-r0                                             apk        
orc                                                                           0.4.34-r0                                          apk        
p11-kit                                                                       0.24.1-r2                                          apk        
pango                                                                         1.50.14-r1                                         apk        
parseurl                                                                      1.3.3                                              npm        
path-to-regexp                                                                0.1.7                                              npm        
pciutils-libs                                                                 3.10.0-r0                                          apk        
pcre                                                                          8.45-r3                                            apk        
pcre2                                                                         10.42-r1                                           apk        
perl                                                                          5.36.1-r2                                          apk        
perl-b-hooks-endofscope                                                       0.26-r1                                            apk        
perl-class-data-inheritable                                                   0.09-r0                                            apk        
perl-class-inspector                                                          1.36-r2                                            apk        
perl-class-singleton                                                          1.6-r0                                             apk        
perl-clone                                                                    0.46-r1                                            apk        
perl-datetime                                                                 1.59-r1                                            apk        
perl-datetime-locale                                                          1.39-r0                                            apk        
perl-datetime-timezone                                                        2.60-r0                                            apk        
perl-devel-stacktrace                                                         2.04-r4                                            apk        
perl-dist-checkconflicts                                                      0.11-r3                                            apk        
perl-eval-closure                                                             0.14-r3                                            apk        
perl-exception-class                                                          1.45-r0                                            apk        
perl-exporter-tiny                                                            1.006002-r0                                        apk        
perl-file-sharedir                                                            1.118-r0                                           apk        
perl-hash-merge-simple                                                        0.051-r3                                           apk        
perl-importer                                                                 0.026-r1                                           apk        
perl-ipc-run3                                                                 0.048-r3                                           apk        
perl-list-moreutils                                                           0.430-r0                                           apk        
perl-list-moreutils-xs                                                        0.430-r3                                           apk        
perl-module-implementation                                                    0.09-r4                                            apk        
perl-module-pluggable                                                         5.2-r3                                             apk        
perl-module-runtime                                                           0.016-r5                                           apk        
perl-mro-compat                                                               0.15-r1                                            apk        
perl-namespace-autoclean                                                      0.29-r2                                            apk        
perl-namespace-clean                                                          0.27-r3                                            apk        
perl-package-stash                                                            0.40-r0                                            apk        
perl-params-validationcompiler                                                0.31-r0                                            apk        
perl-role-tiny                                                                2.002004-r1                                        apk        
perl-scope-guard                                                              0.21-r3                                            apk        
perl-specio                                                                   0.48-r0                                            apk        
perl-sub-exporter-progressive                                                 0.001013-r3                                        apk        
perl-sub-identify                                                             0.14-r9                                            apk        
perl-sub-info                                                                 0.002-r3                                           apk        
perl-sub-quote                                                                2.006008-r0                                        apk        
perl-switch                                                                   2.17-r3                                            apk        
perl-term-table                                                               0.016-r1                                           apk        
perl-test-fatal                                                               0.017-r0                                           apk        
perl-test-simple                                                              1.302195-r0                                        apk        
perl-test-without-module                                                      0.21-r0                                            apk        
perl-test2-plugin-nowarnings                                                  0.09-r1                                            apk        
perl-test2-suite                                                              0.000155-r0                                        apk        
perl-try-tiny                                                                 0.31-r1                                            apk        
perl-yaml-tiny                                                                1.74-r0                                            apk        
pixman                                                                        0.42.2-r1                                          apk        
pkgconf                                                                       1.9.5-r0                                           apk        
poppler                                                                       23.05.0-r0                                         apk        
poppler-utils                                                                 23.05.0-r0                                         apk        
procps-ng                                                                     4.0.4-r0                                           apk        
proxy-addr                                                                    2.0.7                                              npm        
pulseaudio                                                                    16.1-r10                                           apk        
pulseaudio-alsa                                                               16.1-r10                                           apk        
pulseaudio-utils                                                              16.1-r10                                           apk        
pulseaudio2                                                                   0.5.5                                              npm        
py3-xdg                                                                       0.28-r2                                            apk        
py3-xdg-pyc                                                                   0.28-r2                                            apk        
pyc                                                                           0.1-r0                                             apk        
python3                                                                       3.11.5-r0                                          apk        
python3-pyc                                                                   3.11.5-r0                                          apk        
python3-pycache-pyc0                                                          3.11.5-r0                                          apk        
pyxdg                                                                         0.28                                               python     
qs                                                                            6.11.0                                             npm        
range-parser                                                                  1.2.1                                              npm        
raw-body                                                                      2.5.1                                              npm        
readline                                                                      8.2.1-r1                                           apk        
runc                                                                          1.1.7-r3                                           apk        
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                              npm        
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                              npm        
scanelf                                                                       1.3.7-r1                                           apk        
sdl2                                                                          2.26.5-r0                                          apk        
send                                                                          0.18.0                                             npm        
serve-static                                                                  1.15.0                                             npm        
setprototypeof                                                                1.2.0                                              npm        
setxkbmap                                                                     1.3.3-r1                                           apk        
shaderc                                                                       2023.3-r1                                          apk        
shadow                                                                        4.13-r4                                            apk        
shared-mime-info                                                              2.2-r5                                             apk        
side-channel                                                                  1.0.4                                              npm        
sigs.k8s.io/json                                                              v0.0.0-20220713155537-f223a00ba0e2                 go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.1.2                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.1                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.3                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.2.0                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.3.0                                             go-module  
skalibs                                                                       2.13.1.1-r1                                        apk        
socket.io                                                                     4.7.2                                              npm        
socket.io-adapter                                                             2.5.2                                              npm        
socket.io-parser                                                              4.2.4                                              npm        
soxr                                                                          0.1.3-r5                                           apk        
speexdsp                                                                      1.2.1-r1                                           apk        
spirv-tools                                                                   1.3.243.0-r1                                       apk        
sqlite-libs                                                                   3.41.2-r2                                          apk        
ssl_client                                                                    1.36.1-r2                                          apk        
startup-notification                                                          0.12-r5                                            apk        
statuses                                                                      2.0.1                                              npm        
sudo                                                                          1.9.13_p3-r2                                       apk        
supports-color                                                                7.2.0                                              npm        
svt-av1-libs                                                                  1.6.0-r0                                           apk        
tar                                                                           1.34-r3                                            apk        
tdb-libs                                                                      1.4.8-r1                                           apk        
tiff                                                                          4.5.1-r0                                           apk        
tini-static                                                                   0.19.0-r1                                          apk        
toidentifier                                                                  1.0.1                                              npm        
type-is                                                                       1.6.18                                             npm        
tzdata                                                                        2023c-r1                                           apk        
unpipe                                                                        1.0.0                                              npm        
utils-merge                                                                   1.0.1                                              npm        
utmps-libs                                                                    0.1.2.1-r1                                         apk        
v4l-utils-libs                                                                1.24.1-r0                                          apk        
vary                                                                          1.1.2                                              npm        
vidstab                                                                       1.1.1-r0                                           apk        
vulkan-loader                                                                 1.3.243.0-r1                                       apk        
wayland-libs-client                                                           1.22.0-r2                                          apk        
wayland-libs-cursor                                                           1.22.0-r2                                          apk        
wayland-libs-egl                                                              1.22.0-r2                                          apk        
wayland-libs-server                                                           1.22.0-r2                                          apk        
webrtc-audio-processing                                                       0.3.1-r6                                           apk        
ws                                                                            8.11.0                                             npm        
x264-libs                                                                     0.164_git20220602-r1                               apk        
x265-libs                                                                     3.5-r4                                             apk        
xauth                                                                         1.1.2-r1                                           apk        
xcb-util                                                                      0.4.1-r2                                           apk        
xf86-video-amdgpu                                                             23.0.0-r0                                          apk        
xf86-video-ati                                                                22.0.0-r0                                          apk        
xf86-video-intel                                                              2.99.917_git20221028-r4                            apk        
xf86-video-nouveau                                                            1.0.17-r2                                          apk        
xf86-video-qxl                                                                0.1.6-r0                                           apk        
xkbcomp                                                                       1.4.6-r1                                           apk        
xkeyboard-config                                                              2.38-r0                                            apk        
xterm                                                                         382-r0                                             apk        
xvidcore                                                                      1.3.7-r1                                           apk        
xz-libs                                                                       5.4.3-r0                                           apk        
zimg                                                                          3.0.5-r0                                           apk        
zlib                                                                          1.2.13-r1                                          apk        
zstd-libs                                                                     1.5.5-r4                                           apk        
